Event's name
AniManGaki
http://www.animangaki.com/

Event information

country / region: Malaysia
City: Petaling Jaya, Selangor
Event Organizer: Rakugaki Events PLT
Representatives: Lim Jo Lynn / Sing Yee Wen
Contact e-mail address: jolynn@animangaki.com, yvonnes.rge@gmail.com
Event Organizer localion information: -
Event establishment year: 2009
Date and frequency: Once a years (August)
Number of visitors: 16, 500  people (2016)
Organizer form: Committee
Number of staff: -

The recent event information

Event name: AniManGaki 2016
Date: 2016 August, 27-28
Venue Name: Sunway Pyramid Convention Centre
General admission fee:  MYR RM 20 / Day
Exhibition company fee: -
A company exhibitor, a group (others nonprofit) exhibitor, the personal number of exhibitors and those total number: -
Corporate Exhibit Inquiries: enquiry@animangaki.com

Summary:
AniManGaki is one of the biggest events in Malaysia, centered around Yvonne Sing Yee Wen, the founder of the Sunway University Anime Club (SUAC).
This annual event is held as the "event by fans for fans", and the aim is to give an opportunity to gather for all lovers of animation, comics and games.
AniManGaki, named "The Trendsetter", continues to attract visitors by creating new content for the event every year.
Since 2012, AniManGaki has decided to withdraw from Sunway University and now it is the event operated by AniManGaki Organizing Committee under Rakigaki Events PLT.
Founders has still actively been participating as major event managers until today.
They (and new participants of the committee) called for improvements of the event's organization.
It was decided to leave the previous place and to move the event to the larger venue, to cope with the increased number of participants.
Today, we can proudly say that the Sunway Pyramid Convention Center is our "home sweet home".
AniManGaki is attractive to visitors, focuses on activating the community-based group activities more.
For that reason, we create activities and the decoration themes inside the hall for 2 days of the event every year.
There are many highlight perfomances during the event: AniManGaki idol singing contest, cosplay contest, anthropomorphic cosplay contest (first in Southeast Asia), mini festival, artists' booths, figures display, trading card, board game and video game arena, performances by local talents and overseas guests.
Please enjoy AniManGaki with official mascot Kei-chan.
It will surely be an exciting and memorable experience for you.
