Event's name
Otafest
http://www.otafest.com/

Event information

country / region: Canada
City: Calgary
Event Organizer: Otafest Film and Cultural Festrival Planning Committee
Representatives: -
Contact e-mail address: -
Event Organizer localion information: -
Event establishment year: 1999
Date and frequency: Once a year (July)
Number of visitors: 7, 995 people (2016)
Organizer form: Non-profit organization
Number of staff: -

The recent event information

Event name: Otafest 2016
Date: 2016 July, 01-03
Venue Name: Telus Convention Centre
General admission fee: 
At Door: 
Adult: 3 Day: CAD$60 / VIP 3 Day: CAD$150
Friday only: CAD$35
Saturday only: CAD$35
Sunday only : CAD$25
Child: 3 Day: CAD$10Charity Auction.)
Exhibition company fee: -
A company exhibitor, a group (others nonprofit) exhibitor, the personal number of exhibitors and those total number: -
Corporate Exhibit Inquiries: -

Summary:
Otafest started in 1999 as the 1-day event of anime screening at the animation club of Calgary University.
Otafest has grown to a 3-day anime event that counts 8,000 participants each year since then.
Otafest is operated by a nonprofit organization called "Otafest Film and Cultural Festival Planning Committee" and is enjoyed by fans not only as anime screening event, but also as big anime festival.
Otafest is the event for anime fans, and it functions as the creative place where participants can express love and passion to their hobbies.
Fans can share their own cosplay, AMV, illustrations with other fans.
Otafest is also a forum place for discussion and education.
There are also educational panels about Japanese language and CG technology "how to make music videos", dressing up kimono, tea ceremony, iaido (Japanese martial art) workshops.
Another projects are lectures by voice actors and guests, who works in the anime industry.
Otafest is also a place for selling merchandise, where the distributors of West Canada gather.
It is also a place for fans to enjoy and understand anime on huge screen: new  anime and  good old masterpieces.
It is a place where fans can gather, enjoy together the things they love and share their passion to each other. 
Otafest is doing a charity every year, and turn money from the maid cafe into a donation.