Event's name
Fancy Frontier
http://www.f-2.com.tw/

Event information

country / region: Republic of China
City: Taipei
Event Organizer: Fancy Frontier Festival Committee
Representatives: Vicky Su
Contact e-mail address: pr@f-2.com.tw
Event Organizer localion information: 10F.-2, No.78, Sec. 2, Anhe Rd., Da’an Dist., Taipei City 106, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
Event establishment year: 2002
Date and frequency: Twice a year (Summer & Winter)
Number of visitors: 220,000 people (annual total)
Organizer form: Committee
Number of staff: Committee staff - 20 people

The recent event information

Event name: Fancy Frontier 28
Date: 2016 August, 27-28
Venue Name: Yuanshan Plaza of Taipei Expo Park
General admission fee:  2 days: 200 TWD
Exhibition company fee: 1 days: 600 TWD (circles), 2 days: 30000 TWD (companies)
A company exhibitor, a group (others nonprofit) exhibitor, the personal number of exhibitors and those total number: 6800
Corporate Exhibit Inquiries: pr@f-2.com.tw

Summary:
"Fancy Frontier Animation Festival" is the manga and anime event, held from October, 2002; aimed to the purpose "to be filled with creativity and vitality like lively Comic Market".
It is the biggest anime, manga and doujinshi event in Taiwan.
Even other "only"-events have the number of the guests from several thousand to nearly 10,000 (??)
It becomes the place of advertising and an overseas event marketing for japanese anime, manga, game companies and related industries in Taiwan.
The event focuses mainly on the doujinshi sale and circles' interchange, but at the same time a lot of companies of Taiwan, Japan, Hong Kong participate.
Mini-lives, voice actors' events, writers' roundtable discussions and a cosplay contests are held at the stage.
Because of the spot sale is the main, the general participants' cosplay is held outside the venue.
The exhibition of Itaisha (car decorated with images) takes place at specified  parking, according to the regulations of each venue.
"Fancy Frontier", as an event-organizer, believes that the event must provide various exchange places. (??)
The event want to promote the opportunities for the creators to connect with the commercial business in the future, and to provide fun time for all participants.
We want the deeper understanding of us by media and public, we want them to learn the world of anime and manga.
