Event's name
Anime Con
http://www.animecon.nl/

Event information

country / region: Netherlands
City: The Hague
Event Organizer: Stichting Promotie, Japanse Popcultuur
Representatives: Niels Viveen
Contact e-mail address: niels@animecon.nl
Event Organizer localion information: Stichting J-Pop Helmersstraat 7, 3351GJ Papendrecht, The Netherlands
Event establishment year: 1998
Date and frequency: Once a years (June)
Number of visitors: 19, 000 people (2016)
Organizer form: Board of directors
Number of staff: Director - 8 people, Staff - 24 people, Volunteering - 150 people

The recent event information

Event name: Anime Con 2016
Date: 2016 June, 10-12
Venue Name: World Forum
General admission fee: 3 Days - ˆ 66 / Friday - ˆ 25 /Saturday - ˆ 43 / Sunday - ˆ 25
Exhibition company fee:  Depends if industry or re-seller or cultural. In some cases free.
A company exhibitor, a group (others nonprofit) exhibitor, the personal number of exhibitors and those total number: -
Corporate Exhibit Inquiries: dealers@animecon.nl

Summary:
Animecon is an annual event that is held in The Hague, The Netherlands.
The purpose of Animecon is not to increase profits or the number of participants, but to become the event with high participant satisfaction.
Animecon is held in English language, because organizers want to make the event a place where fans of Europe can gather like family.
Animecon is held for 50 hours in a row and 150 projects are held during this time.
Pirated versions are prohibited in the sales area. 
And only licensed works are screened.
In addition to the live performances of artists such as Altima, M.O.V.E, BACK-ON, KOTOKO who took first place in Oricon chart, the Netherlands qualifying for the World Cosplay Summit is also held during the event.
Besides Clara Cow's Cosplay Cup (C4) sponsored by Animecon will be held in 17 participating countries In 2017.
Animecon has a 24-hour tavern that allows enjoy not only children but also adults, and there is also the famous Japanese sake tasting society such as Nabeshima of Saga and Ooyama of Asahikawa.